Return country names rather than ids as competing_countries (#2332)
uktrade/data-hub-api: changelog/interaction/dataset-api-endpoint-competing-countries-field-update.api.md

> `GET /v4/dataset/interactions-dataset`: The `competing_countries` field was updated to return country names rather than ids

Reviewer: This should be the investment projects endpoint, right?
```suggestion
`GET /v4/dataset/investment-projects-dataset`: The `competing_countries` field was updated to return country names rather than ids
```

(Also the directory the news fragment is in.)

Author: Yes :man_facepalming: Fixed. thanks
